DARK/LIGHT

HERO UNIT

Spells: Darkness Descend: Stuns all target in an area(3sec) and leaves darkness 
on the ground(5sec), if any enemy ground units enter the darkness the get 
stunned as well.
Trillion drive: Deal aoe dmg in an area for 5 sec,deals dmg each sec inside the area.
Form change: change between 2 forms(dark/light) gaining diffrent stats 
depending on the form.




Defender of the sun

2 atk, 3 hp, 0 arm, range: Low

Mana cost:Low.

Effects: None.



Chained darkness

2 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Low-medium.

Effects: Heart of darkness: when chained darkness dies he is reborn after 2 sec with
4atk, 4hp, 0 arm, range:Melee. Chained darkness will die 5 sec after he is reborn.



Shadow wisp

1 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Low

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Dark grasp: All units in an area become immune to everything for 10 sec but 
during that time they can't do anything.
Burst of speed: Give friendly target bonus move and attack speed for 5 sec.



Light wisp

1 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Low

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Armor of the sun: Give friendly target +1 arm and +3 hp for 10 sec.
Sun orb: Deal 3 dmg and stun the target for 1,5 sec.



Shadow dancer

3 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Feast on shadows: Each attack against enemy target heal shadow dancer for 1 hp, 
this effect stack 5 hp over max hp(buffs included).



Night raider

2 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Flying

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Hunter of the night:Night raider become stealthed for 2 sec(low cooldown).



Sun god

5 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: High

Flying

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Slow attack and move speed, ground attack only.



Twilight wips

2 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Sun ray: summons 15 light rays att target location that last for 15 sec.
(Light ray: 1 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: melee)
Dark orb: splash darkness on the ground hitting all enemy ground units in that area.
if those units are still in that area after 5 sec the get stunned for 3 sec.
Super nova: Twilight wisp charge for 4 sec and then plants itself on the ground 
becoming immune to everything. After 5 sec the Twilight wisp explode dealing 
massive aoe dmg to all units in the area(friendly fire).
