EARTH

HERO UNIT

spells: MAGNETIC GRIP:Pulls all enemy units in the area to the caster. all enemy 
air units become grounded for 5 sec.
HAMMER OF THE GODS: The caster gains aoe dmg and root all targets hit for 0,5 sec 
and gains air attack.
ROCK ARMOR: if the caster takes no dmg in 10 sec he gains a shield that absorbs 
some dmg and when the shield breaks the hero unit ignores unit collision for 4 sec.



Stone guardian

2 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Low-medium.

Effects: Rock form: Stone guardian gains +1 arm for 5 sec. After 
rock form ends he gain +1 dmg on next attack.



Stone scout

2 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Low.

Effects: Leap: Stone scout jumps to target location slowing all enemy units in the
area for 3 sec(50% slow).Stone scout gains a shield for 5 sec after he lands.



Stone Wisp

1 atk, 3 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Magnetic gate: All enemy units in the area are pulled to the center 
and stunned for 0,5 sec and slowed for for 3 sec(50%slow). Air units hit are 
grounded for 5 sec.
Magnetic force: put upp a barrier around the Stone wisp that absorb range dmg that
hits units inside the barrier and when enugh dmg is absorbed the barrier break.
Gravity stone: Stone wisp kills itself on target enemy air unit making that and other 
air units in the area grounded(permanent duration).



Stone giant

4 atk, 8 hp, 2 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost: Very high.

Effects: Splash: Attacks do aoe dmg.



Stone charger

3 atk, 4 hp, 1 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Stamped strike: Charge to target enemy ground unit stunning it for 1 sec.
enemy ground units in the way are knocked back and stunned for 1 sec.



Mercury stone

2 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Medium-high.

Effects: Merge: Mercury stone enter a friendy target giving that target a dmg and range
buff. If merged target dies then mercury stone leaves the body. Mercury stone can merge 
and unmerge at will.
Quake: Rise a stone at the target location blocking all ground units. The stone last for 
10 sec.
Crumble: Destroys a quake stone dealing aoe dmg to all enemy ground units close to it.