WIND

HERO UNIT

Spells: Divine saber: channel for 5 sec and then deal massiv aoe dmg in an area
(can be used earlier but for less dmg).
Garden of healing: Channel for 3 sec and then do healing in an area around the caster.
Tailwind: Make a wind tunnel that slows down movment one way and speed upp movment in 
the other way(the caster gets the buff windwalker when he cast Tailwind.when windwalker 
is upp the caster lose all unit collision(windwalker last 5 sec)).



Thunder spirit

2 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Mana cost:Low.

Effects: None.



Air elemental

1 atk, 3 hp, 1 arm, range: Low-medium

Mana cost:Low-medium.

Effects: Cone attack: Normal attacks deal aoe dmg in a cone infront of the 
Air elemental.
Ground attack only.



Air wisp

1 atk, 2 hp, 0 arm, range: Low

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Air pressure: Reduce enemy unit range to melee and slow that target 
by 70%, last 5 sec.
Air bubble: Shield target and if the shield is destroyed then there is a aoe knockback 
around the target that knockback enemy ground units.
Ground attack only.



Wind guardian

3 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Mana cost:Medium-high.

Effects: Charge: Wind guardian gain +2 dmg and range goes from Medium to high and you can't 
attack close to the Wind guardian and you gain splash. While charge is aktiv Wind guardian 
can't move and the splash dmg do dmg to all ground units(friendly fire).
Takes 5 sec to enter or exit charge mode.
Ground attack only.



Air drake

0 atk, 5 hp, 1 arm, range: None

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Lift up: can pick up and drop of friendly ground units, if Air drake dies then all 
units that are picked up dies with it.




Wind raider

2 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Compressed air: Wind raider can put down 3 mines that burrows and become stealthed,
if an enemy ground unit comes in range it unborrows and charge killing itself and dealing 
massive aoe dmg(friendly fire). 
Ground attack only.



Air blaster

3 atk, 4 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Air blast: Air blaster gains +1 dmg and more range vs air units(passive).