fire

HERO UNIT

spells: FURY OF THE FLAME: a giant fireball strike and roll on the ground dealing
massiv dmg to all targets hit.
FLING: Throw target to taget area(work on friendly target).
MELTDOWN: Melts the ground around the caster stuning all ground units in the area 
for 3 sec and reset the cooldown on fling.

Magma elemental 

1 atk,1 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:low.

Effects: build 2 at a time. 
Burning ember: each stack of burning ember give magma elemental +1 hp.



Magma surge

2 atk,3 hp, 0 arm, range: Low-medium

Mana cost:low-medium.

Effects: Surge: Magma surge moves towards target target becoming immune to all dmg
and effects and leaving a trail of fire that deal dmg to enemy. 
Burning ember: no cooldown on surge but use a charge of burning ember(max stacks 1).



Unstable magma  

2 atk,1 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost: medium.

Effects: Explode: When Unstable magma dies it deals aoe dmg to enemy around itself
as well as giving giving a stack of burning ember to all friendly units hit(ground only). 
Burning ember: When Unstable magma have 3 stacks of burning ember his explode will give
friendly units+1 arm for 5 sec.



Magma giant

4 atk,7 hp, 1 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Fury: Heal Magma giant for 2hp(cost 1 stack of burning ember).
Burning ember: First stack gives Magma giant +1 arm(max stack=5).



Merged magma

2 atk,3 hp, 0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Split: When Merged magma dies he summons Magma elemntals
depending on the number of burning ember stacks. .
Burning ember: 0 stacks = 2 Magma elementals(o stacks)
1 stacks = 2 Magma elementals(1 stacks)
2 stacks = 3 Magma elementals(1 stacks)
3 stacks = 3 Magma elementals(2 stacks)
(max stack=3).



Magma wisp

1 atk,3 hp, 0 arm, range: Medium

Flying

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Breath of fire: give friendly ground target a stack of burning ember.
Magma wisp: Channel 4 sec stun that deal 2 dmg over the duration.



Magma dragon

4 atk,4 hp, 1 arm, range: Low-medium

Flying

Mana cost:High.

Effects: None.



Witch of the flame

3 atk,2 hp, 0 arm, range: High-superhigh

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Witch of the flames normal attacks are ground attacks that can be avoided
and they deal aoe dmg.
Burning ember: Witch of the flame gain bonus attack speed for 5 sec when they gain
a burning ember stack(don't stack and the burning ember is used as soon as it is gained).


